{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman{\*\falt Palatino};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Fritz Heitzeg}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo2\dy9\hr17\min42\sec7\timesinceref729211327}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo2\dy9\hr17\min42\sec7\timesinceref729211327}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\viewkind1
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \'93Sam, Tabby, and I are going to camp out back of Tabby\'92s grandfather\'92s place tonight.\'94, I yelled to my parents as I went down the basement stairs to my room.  The door to the basement was only a few feet from the front door, so most times, I could make it down the stairs before my parents realized I was home.  This time, though, I needed to get moving quickly.  Might as well get the story out there first.  Everything depended on the three of us making it to the site before sundown.\
\'93Hi, Cat, glad you\'92re home,\'94 my mother yelled from somewhere vaguely upstairs. \'93It\'92s been a long time since you three went camping,\'94  I was still halfway down the stairs and stopped.  I couldn\'92t tell my parents the real reason.  They are both such nice people; they might smile and nod or lock me in a nuthouse. Instead, I told them a little white lie.  \'93Tab just broke up with Jess,\'94 I said, though that had happened almost two weeks before. I wasn\'92t much of a sharer, so I was sure I hadn\'92t told my parents.  Especially since their breakup had involved Jess trying to kill her.  As I said, my parents are nice people, so I wasn\'92t going to worry them with our life and death struggles.   There was nothing they could do, but they wouldn\'92t see it that way.   Knowing would just put them in danger.\
\'93I\'92m so sorry,\'94 my mother said, rounding the corner and standing at the top of the stairs.  Her curly brown hair was mussed.  In the middle of making dinner, she was wearing a blue apron with a duck on it.  My little brother had bought it for her for Christmas. \'93How is she doing?\'94 she asked, her eyes wide, her mouth making a frown of concern. \
Now I could smell the onions that she was cooking.  My stomach rumbled, thinking of all the possible dinners she might make. But I had no time; I would have to forgo food for a little while longer and sleep.  God, I needed just 30 minutes to sleep.  Instead, I try to put on a brave face.   \'93She\'92s doing good, Mom, just a little sad.  Jess turned out to not be a nice person\'94, I said; that was honest, at least, given the knife and the attempted stabbing.\
My mother looked in the direction of the kitchen. \'93I\'92ve got to stir the onions. Are you going to stay for dinner?\'94 she said, disappearing from view.  I wanted to.  I was so hungry and tired. I just wanted my normal life back. \
\'93No, thanks, Mom, but Tab said she wants to binge, so I\'92m picking up junk food!\'94 I yelled up the stairs as I continued descending them.\
\'93OK,\'94 my mom said, probably from the kitchen now. She said something else, but I missed it. Finally, reaching the bottom of the stairs.  I made my way to my room next to the furnace.  I closed and locked my door.  Under my bed was The Trunk.   It had taken the three of us months to find it.  After we had cleaned the mud off, it revealed a green surface.  The material is something I\'92ve never seen or felt.  It feels like fuzzy leather and smells wonderful, like when it stops raining on a warm summer day. At first, I thought it was something in the mud we washed off, but it never seems to lose that smell, no matter how long it\'92s been down here.  The green skin is marred in more places than I can possibly count.  I think it\'92s from years of attempts to open the trunk forcefully, but I don\'92t know.  I hope that I won\'92t become so desperate.  I pull out the words that Tab risked her life to get from Jess.  }